( phone ringing )
Hello?
That's weird.
They hung up.
That's the second time
that's happened today.
Did you hear
a cell door
clanging in
the background?
No.
Then it wasn't
my mom.
Hey, look, I found an old
box of macaroni for dinner.
Whoa, whoa--
let me see
the expiration
date on that.
I think it's
in Roman numerals.
Have anything better?
Tater tots...
A freezer-burned
pot pie...
and a UFO--
unidentified foil object.
Do you realize,
in the '50s
they thought this was
a well-balanced meal?
Well, in the '50s
they also thought
that hiding underneath
your desk could
save you from
a nuclear attack.
That only works if the desk
is 80 feet underground
and made
of a titanium alloy.
And speaking of nuclear fallout
I survived another
dinner with my parents.
Ooh, and saved us
from fossilized macaroni.
Hand over the leftovers.
The entire evening
was a nightmare.
They maligned every aspect
of my character and my life.
That's awful.
Oh, your mom put raisins
in the kugel.
I don't even know
why I continue going.
These Sunday night dinners
are becoming a sadistic ritual.
It's important to
have family traditions.
Do you taste
this kishka?
It's to die for.
It's the same thing
every time I go home.
My father
hoks me about forgetting
this paranormal nonsense
and switching my major
to accounting
while my mother shovels food
into my plate and says
"Why don't you
come home more often?"
It wouldn't hurt.
You'd think
my father would realize
I'd rather stick
needles in my eyes
than join
the family business.
Well, what are you saying?
That there's no room
for a paranormal researcher
at a CPA firm?
That's about as good
as my father's latest joke--
changing the company name
to Goodman, Goodman
and Not So Goodman.
That's funny.
Or cruel.
You know, depends on
your point of view.
♪ Life's changing around me,
and I'm gonna make it mine ♪
♪ I'm reaching out
and living by my rules... ♪
♪ Time's moving way too fast ♪
♪ I wanna make it last... ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm out on my own now ♪
♪ And I like the way it feels. ♪
For your next
astronomy paper
you're free to choose
your own topic.
It should be double-
spaced, ten pages.
Due next week, and no
there is no bonus assignment
for extra credit.
Never hurts to ask.
This should be a breeze.
I can spit out ten pages just
downloading NASA's website.
And one other thing--
No downloading NASA's website
or any other
scientific mumbo jumbo
that you get
off the Internet.
I want it totally
understandable. Simple.
In layman's terms.
Which is why you'll be
presenting it
orally to the class.
I don't believe this.
First we can't
download our reports.
Then she expects us to
actually understand them.
What kind of wacko
approach to teaching
is this, anyway?
This is quite a quandary.
You have to intelligently
discuss a complicated topic
yet it has to be
understandable
to the lowest common
denominator.
How do we do that?
I just thought of a way.
Is Aunt Hilda here?
I got to run
my astronomy report by her.
You want to talk to
Hilda about science?
Dear, that's like
asking Hirohito
where to get
a good pizza.
I, on the other hand,
have three doctorates
in intergalactic studies
and am personally credited
with discovering 17 moons.
Well, my professor says
that my report
has to be so clear
that even the simplest person
can understand it.
Better wait for Hilda.
She's on a date with
a witch from Venus.
She met him through
that dating service--
Great Hexpectations.
What is all this?
Oh, extra food Miles brought
home from dinner with his
family.
They torture him
about becoming an accountant
but send him home with gold.
This looks unusual.
Ugh. And not unlike
my Uncle Goliath's
kidney stone.
It's matzo ball soup.
So good you just
want to say, "Oy."
That's Yiddish for "Yum."
Oy.
That was the most incredible
experience of my life.
So Elliot was nice?
Beats me.
I was talking about his car.
That thing really flies.
Literally-- he's got
a flying car, Zellie.
( rocket engines roaring )
UFO!
It looks just like a Cadillac.
So, tell us
about your date.
Give us details.
It's a 1,000-cylinder,
hydrogen-fueled turbo
with the coolest chrome fins
on the afterburners.
Oh. You mean Elliot.
Well, let me just say this.
It's true what they say
about men from Venus.
They have great suspension.
As opposed
to those cads from Mars
who leave the toilet seat up and
drink out of the milk carton.
I did it once.
Let it go.
Well, now that we've
got a report
on your date
and his car
I want to run
my astronomy report by you.
Of course. See--
you're not the only one
Sabrina values for her
intelligence. Shoot.
"The speed of light is the speed
at which light travels..."
Whoa whoa hoa. Back up,
Einstein-- you lost me.
Maybe I should just give my
report with finger puppets.
Oh, I love finger puppets.
So, you ready to give
your presentation?
Actually, I'm ready
to give two presentations.
One is my standard ten-minute
cocktail party icebreaker
about the molecular
composition of sunspots.
The other is really
going out on a limb.
I better go
with the safe choice.
Safe choice? That
doesn't sound like you.
Then I know I'm
on the right track.
Miles come on, you got
to go out on a limb.
I mean, that's what I
love about you.
You're not afraid
to take risks.
Really?
Yeah, I mean look at what
you're wearing.
"Therefore, it
is hypothesized
"that quasars are
optical illusions
"created
by gravitational lensing
"of the photons emanating
from a large mass
at the center
of an active galaxy. The end."
Wow. Who knew you could
deliver a ten-page report
without ever taking a breath?
Although, towards the end,
the lack of oxygen
was causing your left eye
to wander.
I'm just happy it's
over and I never
have to think
about quasars again.
Thank you, Roxie, or should I
be thanking
your Internet service provider?
Sabrina, you're next.
Uh... My report
is on the speed of light.
The speed of light is fast.
It's really fast.
Like, you know
how the cheetah's, like
the fastest land animal.
It's, like, way, way,
way, way, way faster than that.
You said to keep it simple.
I was all set to present
my report on sunspots
including my hypothesis
that the disco era
was influenced
by a minor solar flare
but then,
a good friend convinced me
to go out on a limb.
Last night...
I, Miles Goodman
witnessed an alien spacecraft
traverse the night sky.
( class laughing )
Oy. Not in the "yum"
sense of the word.
Surprisingly,
it looked like a Cadillac
yet it was stylishly adorned
with chrome fins
on the afterburners.
Why can't Aunt Hilda
take the bus like everyone else?
It was incredible.
There it flew,
flashing a red light
that I can only interpret
as a left turn signal.
I got another
interpretation--
you're a nut job.
( class giggling )
I know what I saw.
I-I-It was a flying car.
Or maybe it was
a rubber-padded
spaceship
coming to take you away.
I'm sure it wasn't a medical
vehicle, because there weren't
any international markings
for Red Cross.
You're so loopy,
Goodman.
Maybe what you saw
looked like a spacecraft
but was really
a weather balloon.
Afterburners
on a weather balloon?
Now who's loopy?
Still you.
Aunt Hilda,
we need to talk.
Nothing good ever comes
after that sentence.
Miles saw your boyfriend's
flying car.
See?
He gave a report on it
in Astronomy, and was
totally humiliated.
I had to cover with some stupid
story about a weather balloon.
You called a top-of-the-line
fully loaded Venusian cruiser
a weather balloon?
Look, the point is,
if you're going to date
people from other planets
you have to be discreet.
Isn't that what I've
always taught you?
Wait a minute, that's what
you've always taught me.
I'm sorry.
I just got carried away.
I've just never dated a guy
with such cool wheels before.
Aunt Hilda, you dated the guy
who invented the wheel.
Oh, Miles.
Do you have a moment?
Uh, yes, but
make it quick.
I'm the target
of mass mockery
and unless I'm
fast on my feet
I may inadvertently get pantsed.
Well, this won't take long.
I wanted to ask you
for the recipe
to your mother's
delectable matzo ball soup.
I'd like to help you,
but my mother swore she's
taking it to her grave
along with my bubee Esther's
antique brooch
which I interpret
as a direct slap
to my Aunt Ceil.
Oh, but I must have
that recipe.
Surely you could
get it for me.
Believe me, Zelda, I would
do anything for you
but my mother keeps
that secret recipe
in her girdle drawer
and no one goes in there.
Unfortunately...
not even my mother.
I'm really glad you decided
to go out with me again.
I... I wasn't sure
that you liked me.
Don't be ridiculous,
Elliot.
I'm very fond of you.
Now, where's the turbo?
I don't think
that you're ready for that yet.
Besides, I think we should
wait until we reach a less
congested area to kick it in.
Or we could kick it in now
and get out of this
congestion faster.
I know-- "Driving
is a privilege.
Safety first."
Blah, blah, blah.
Hilda, I'm beginning to think
the only reason you're going out
with me
is because you like
my vehicle.
That's not true.
I think you're a very
sweet, sensitive guy
and I'm lucky to
have found you.
I feel the same way
about you.
I can't believe
I have to redo
my report.
Sure, it was a little
factoid heavy
but I didn't go off
like a crazy person
about a flying Cadillac
taking the carpool lane
to Pluto.
Miles isn't crazy.
Yes, he is, and I'll tell
you who's even crazier:
his good friend
who told him
he should
make a fool of himself.
His good friend
had the best of intentions.
I'm just guessing.
( phone rings )
Hello?
Another hang up. This is
getting a little freaky.
I mean if the lights go out,
and someone walks
in here with a knife...
( both shrieking )
That's the best reaction
I've had all day.
Sorry, we thought you were
the psychotic hang up caller.
Yeah I wish.
Professor Hutchins just
called me on the carpet.
She said, "Science
has nothing to do
with little green men
in souped-up spaceships."
Then she said I'm
"an embarrassment
to the Paranormal
Studies program."
What's embarrassing is there is
a Paranormal Studies program.
The point is...
that when the head
of the Paranormal Department
calls you a freaking fruitcake
it's time to reevaluate
the rest of your life.
Miles, you're not crazy.
You're just as sane as anyone.
That's not much comfort
coming from you.
You're the one who told me
to go out on a limb
and then told the class
I saw a weather balloon.
I was just trying to come up
with a more
plausible explanation.
Then other words I'm a freaking
fruitcake.
Miles, I didn't say that.
Do you or do you
not believe
that I saw a spaceship--
yes or no?
Well... I believe that...
you think you saw one.
So you think
I'm delusional?
No, I just think there are
millions of possibilities.
No, there's only one.
I'm going to forget
all this paranormal nonsense
and become an accountant.
Miles, you can't do that.
Watch me.
My father will finally
get his wish.
From now on, it's going to be
Goodman, Goodman and Goodman.
( sighs )
Oy.
I can't believe Miles decided
to be an accountant.
He's always wanted to be
a paranormal researcher all of
his life.
I mean, even as a toddler,
he was convinced
that Bert and Ernie were
visitors from another planet.
I just wish those two
would come out
and put that rumor to rest.
Look, Sabrina
I think this Miles thing
is good news for you.
Now he won't be nosing around
looking for
supernatural phenomena
and you won't have
to worry about
being exposed as a witch.
No, I just have to worry about
having killed a man's spirit.
Oh, please, who
hasn't done that?
I just wish I could have
looked Miles in the eyes
and told him that I know
he saw that spacecraft.
Then maybe he'd still
be following his dream.
Sabrina, you had no choice.
You couldn't tell
Miles the truth.
Just like I can't
tell Elliot
I'm only dating him
for his big block.
What? It's an engine.
Hey, great news.
I just sold my freshman
accounting books to Goodman.
That's horrible.
Not for me.
And, frankly,
changing his major's
the best decision
Miles ever made.
Having your dreams crushed
is your idea of a good time?
Let me guess-- in Peter Pan,
when Tinkerbell dies
you're the only guy not clapping
to bring her back to life.
That little fairy
drove me nuts.
Sabrina, you have
to look at it
from a pragmatic
point of view.
There's not a lot
of job opportunities
for guys with a BS in UFOs.
That's true.
On career day, you rarely see
a paranormal recruiting booth.
And better Miles comes
to this realization now
rather than spending $80,000
on an education he'll never use.
I guess you're right.
College is a time
that should be spent
doing the thing that prepares
you for your life ahead.
We're out of toilet paper
in the men's room.
I'm on it.
( phone ringing )
Hello?
This is really getting old.
Not unlike this kugel.
It just doesn't keep
like the kishke.
So, Miles,
you seem to really be
getting into
those accounting books.
You got to love
debits and credits.
They're all
perfectly logical
and spelled out
in black and red.
Don't you miss the thrill
of the unexplainable?
What I don't miss
is the pain of being ridiculed.
When you tell people you see
a seven, they believe you
instead of calling you
a nut job.
You know, Miles, I know what
you're going through.
I mean, I know what it's like
to have people think you're
different.
Yeah right, what would you
know about being different?
Well, there happens to be
a lot about me
that you don't know.
Like?
Like I tend to
talk too much about myself.
Back to you.
Face it, Sabrina
you know nothing
about being different.
You're just a nice, normal,
well-adjusted person.
( phone rings )
Look, knock it off, psycho!
I don't have time for your...
Oh, sorry.
Miles, it's Garth.
He wants to know
if you want to go
to the Sci-Fi Club screening of
Blade Runner tonight.
Tell him I'm busy.
He says they're going
to watch it backwards
and look for hidden meaning.
Sorry, Garth, but I'm
joining the real world.
Are you sure
you want to do this?
I mean, you used to really enjoy
going out with those...
Freaks?
Sabrina, I know I've made
the right decision.
I can definitely see myself
being an accountant
for the next 50 years.
45, if I go with my father's
extended workday plan.
Well, maybe you can,
but I can't.
Wait a minute, of course I can.
Uh...
Prove me wrong
and allay my fears
Show me Miles in 15 years.
Here's your tax return,
Mr. Willoughby
and you'll be happy to know
I was able to write off
your entire safari to Africa.
And, if the Feds ever ask
Mr. G. Raffe
and Mr. L. E. Phant
are your Serengeti sales reps.
Miles, you're a genius.
You saved me again.
Well, it's easy when you do
what you love.
Great, I was wrong!
Miles is happy
being an accountant.
And why not?
I mean, he's successful,
he's got a nice office
big desk, picture
of the wife and kids...
Is that Roxie?
Just need your John Hancock
on this.
Will you excuse me?
Sure.
( screaming )
( knocking )
Sorry to barge in
but I can't let you
ruin your life.
Sabrina, my life
is just beginning--
a new life enriched
with the joy of
long-form deductions.
No, you're going
to hate deductions.
They are going to make
you miserable.
I know this for a fact.
How do you know--
what'd you do?
Look into a crystal ball
and see my future?
-Something like that.
Look, part of
being Miles Goodman
is you know collecting
stuff like this.
Radioactive isotope
from a Russian warhead.
Oh, are you insane?
Yes, you are.
And that is my point.
See, anyone that
collects stuff like this
is not meant
to be an accountant.
That's why I'm giving it away.
By the way, I'd wash
my hands if I were you.
Several thousand times.
Dipotassium phosphate.
Dipotassium
phosphate.
Sodium silicaluminate.
Sodium
silicaluminate.
And schmaltz.
Schmaltz.
This should do it.
Voila!
If my calculations are right
I will have just replicated
the exact molecular structure
of Mrs. Goodman's matzo balls.
Prepare yourself
for gastronomic nirvana.
Brelch!
if this is nirvana,
I'm Hadassah Lieberman.
Oh, Sabrina,
good, you're here.
I need
a second opinion.
Try this.
What do you think?
Make them smaller,
have Tiger Woods autograph them
and you've got the hottest
seller at the PGA tour.
I don't understand
what went wrong.
This matzo ball
is a chemically perfect clone.
Zelly, you're missing
one key ingredient.
What?
Something I learned about
in my little village
of Anatevka-- love.
Okay, before he breaks
out in a chorus
of "Sunrise, Sunset,"
I need to talk
to you about Miles.
If only I could tell him I
know he saw that spacecraft
he'd give up this crazy idea
of being an accountant.
But you can't tell him.
That would be admitting
that you have special powers.
Exactly.
Hmm. This is a conundrum.
Not to mention a confounding
and perplexing problem.
I just wish there was some way
I could validate Miles
and let him know
he's not alone.
Well, I'm off for my next
flying lesson with Elliot.
Tonight he's going to show me
how to properly grip
his throttle.
That's what makes
the big block fly.
And don't worry,
we won't let anyone see us.
Although, seeing is believing,
if you catch my drift.
Caught it, and am already
formulating a plan.
Oh. That's great.
You're making us
a new croquet set--
just in time for summer.
( thudding )
MILES:
I should be practicing
my ledger entries.
I'm really struggling
with those European sevens.
Well, Miles,
you said you'd help me
identify constellations
for astronomy class.
Besides, you can still do
your accounting on the roof.
I'll suggest that
to my father.
Perhaps this year, our firm
can prepare tax returns
on the steeple of
the Old North Church.
It's 9:10.
They should have been here
by now.
Who?
Uh... geese.
You know, they-they, uh,
they...
they're very punctual
with their migration.
Oh, my God!
Look!
Oh, my God,
do you see that?
Absolutely-- Now, that is
the Big Dipper, right?
Not the constellation,
the spaceship.
Please tell me
you see that.
Wow! It is a spaceship!
Unbelievable!
It's beautiful.
A technological miracle.
Although the driver appears
to be slightly inebriated.
Oh, that's probably
just a problem
with the big block.
That's an engine.
I know that.
I can't get it
into fifth gear!
Uh, that's 'cause
this only has four.
( gears grinding and clanking)
Not anymore.
Hilda, I've been trying
to find the right time
to tell you something
but maybe I should just,
uh, spit it out.
Spit all you want.
Just don't fog up
the windshield.
The truth is I'm married.
Want to see me
do a donut?
HILDA:
Yoo-hoo!
Well, you've taken this
better than I thought.
But you have nothing
to worry about.
I'm getting a divorce.
That just stinks.
I thought you'd be happy.
The Pluto Highway
is closed.
How am I supposed to
open up this puppy
if I have to take
surface streets?
Hilda, I am trying
to talk about us.
Are you listening
to anything I'm saying?
Of course I'm
listening.
( horn honking )
Way to signal,
Dipwad!
Well the good news is
that I'm coming out
of this marriage in great shape.
I get the house
and everything in it.
All she gets is this car.
( tires screeching )
Sabrina, seeing
that spaceship
confirms everything
I've ever believed in.
And I know
I'm not deluding myself
because you saw it, too...
right?
Of course.
I can't wait
to tell Professor Hutchins
and this time
I have a witness.
Miles, maybe we better keep
this between the two of us.
You know what they say:
"Double your sighting,
double your scorn."
Perhaps you're right.
And all that really matters
is that someone else in the
world knows I'm not crazy.
As long as you don't
go into accounting.
I could never do that.
My passion for the paranormal
is too strong.
I'm glad to hear
you say that.
So, you ready
to go inside?
Not yet.
Remember the other day,
when you said
you were different
from everybody else?
Did I say that?
I was probably just trying
to make you feel better.
No, Sabrina...
I finally figured out
how you're different.
I mean I was shocked at first
but then I realized
all the clues were there
from the very beginning.
Miles, you've got to promise
not to tell anyone.
Okay, you could really put my
life in jeopardy.
Don't worry, Sabrina.
I'm not going to tell everybody
that you have a crush on me.
I have a crush on you?
Oh... yeah.
I have a crush on you.
Big time.
But as long as we are roommates,
we must never act upon it.
I understand.
I'll do whatever I can
to be a little less desirable.
It's working already.
Oy!
What a great word.
( phone ringing )
Hello.
Oh, good it's you.
I just want you to know
that I'm contacting the FBI.
They're going to track you down.
You're going to be sorry
you ever dialed this number.
Sabrina?
Harvey?
You're the one who's been
calling here and hanging up?
Sorry about that.
Every time I heard your voice,
I froze up.
Well, I'm glad you finally
thawed out.
Look, ever since I saw you
in Florida,
you've been on my mind.
I really feel bad
about the way I acted
after I found out you were a...
A witch?
Yeah, that.
But in my defense,
you did turn me into a frog
and a beast
and a Canadian Mountie.
Don't forget about
the time I made you pregnant.
How can I?
I still have stretch marks.
No, but even considering
all that...
you've always been
a really good friend to me
and the reason I'm calling
is that I want to apologize.
Thanks.
That really means
a lot to me.
Yeah, well, that's pretty much
what I called to say
and now I've pretty much
said it, so...
Hey, is that a Cadillac
flying through the sky?
I'm going to kill Aunt Hilda.